Hey friends, we appreciate you
the listener, and I hope
you appreciate our sponsors because
they make Hansel minutes possible.
Today's first sponsor is Melissa.
Are you looking to build
real time contact data, validation,
and enrichment into your applications?
Try Melissa's developer portal. You'll
gain easy access to flexible
APIs for global address verification,
phone IP address, email and
property and business data sample
code and get post methods.
Plus technical documentation are all
included. Quick. Online payment makes
rapid application development easy. Please
visit melissa.com/developer or call 1-800-MELISSA.
Hi, this is Scott Hanselman.
This is another episode of
Hansel minutes today. I've got
a very special show for
you. I'm talking with Kent
Sullivan and Derek coin. They
are user research and UX
consultants, and they're currently working
with be curious with us
great URL, be curious with
dot U S a. They
help teams and individuals develop
capabilities to make great user
experiences. But I want to
talk to you all about
history. Thanks for being with
me today. Hey, great to
be on the show, Scott.
Yeah, thanks God. So I'm
sitting here in front of
my windows machine. I'm running
windows 10 and then to
my right is my son's
Chromebook. And then I'll be
on that as an, a
boon to machine. And in
all instances, there's some button
in the corner that I
click on a, for a
lot of machines it's that
lower left corner. And for
other ones, they mix it
up, put it in another
upper left corner. I started
realizing that's ubiquitous. There's always
a start menu somewhere. So
I wanted to figure out
where that came from. Maybe
one of you could give
me a little background on
where did the start, when
you come from and where
were you when it happened?
Yeah, so Kent and I
were actually, so this is
Derek Kent and I were
actually some of the first
members of the user research
team at Microsoft. And so
we started in the late
eighties and at that time,
dos reign Supreme, at least
in the PC world, there
were some other, you know,
out and there was,
you know, other graphical UX
is in development. I should
say operating systems was shells
is the proper term of
the developer term that were
graphical. So Microsoft saw that
it kind of had work
to do to improve what
was going to be the
future of the operating system.
And so obviously like Microsoft
had had several versions of
windows already in development windows
3.0 was in beta when
Kent and I started. And
so we, we were wondering
like, well, where do we
start? You know, where do
we take Microsoft? There were
various efforts and different kind
of user testing efforts going
on kind of bootstrapping within
our group with different product
teams. But we knew that
the, that the real heart
of the battle was to
start to bring some user
feedback into the windows development
process. So, and can you
feel free to jump in
here at any time, but
we, you know, at some
point we were like, you
know what we need to
do. We need to start
kind of benchmarking where some
of the, where we're, where
we're at. And so we
started to put windows 3.0,
and then subsequently windows 3.1
in front of different users.
And we trusted everybody from
kids to grandmas. And you
have to remember at the
time there was a large
percentage of the population that
had never even used a
computer before. So we use
those people. We used developers.
I mean, so we had
re we really had the
range of capabilities and abilities
of people and experience with
computers. So we were putting
them in front of windows.
Then we also put them
in front of the Mac
and we started noticing some
patterns. And one of them
was the fact that people
generally, you know, obviously the
more advanced you got in
your computer know how you
could figure things out or,
you know, deduct certain things
if you were in an
unfamiliar environment, but for by
and large, if you were
new, you wouldn't know really
where to start. And so
we would give people a
task like, Hey, you know,
open up a note pad
or can jump in here.
Cause you were very familiar
with some of the tasks
that we were giving them.
No, it was really basic
stuff. Start notepad, openness, Microsoft
word, document, you know, draw
a picture and paint, really
easy stuff. And people were
just constantly relearning and would
get lost, you know, and
have multiple copies of the
same application open. It was
just way worse than we
thought, because basically up until
that point, the only people
using it more or less
were people who already had
a fair amount of computer
knowledge. And as Derek said,
we were really interested in
broadening who was using computers.
That was really not just
the mandate from management. Really
the whole company is like,
Hey, you know, computers are,
if we're going to get
one on every desktop and
every home we need to,
we've got a lot of
work to do  and
windows 3.0, came out in
1990, but people were thinking
about windowing operating systems, you
know, long before that. But
I think in all of
those instances, when once a
window, whether it be mindscape
Minesweeper and notepad got to
be full screen that took
over and it felt like
Minesweeper was the operating system.
You couldn't find your way
back. And I don't suppose
hitting alt tab is very
intuitive. No one's going to
Ever discover it. That's in
the same category as control
delete. Unfortunately, It's just something
you pass on by telling
you, Right? And the discoverability
is something like that is
near zero. Remember that there
was talk when double-clicking became
a thing that people were
concerned. That double-clicking was a
bad idea because it itself
was not discoverable. I don't
remember reading a usability study
that said a monkey would
never intuitively DoubleClick, but a
monkey would take a mouse,
see how the mouse is
connected to the pointer. And
it would click a single
time. Right? If you look
at the psychology and human
development of all these things,
the things we call intuitive
tend to be the things
that we learned when we
were so young, we don't
remember learning them. All knowledge
is learned, you know, think
about how many hours baby
spend holding objects out in
front of them and turning
them in their hands and
that kind of spatial work.
So yeah, DoubleClick needs to
be learned. And once it's
learned it can be remembered.
Same thing with context venues,
right. There was a huge
controversy at Microsoft about whether
to put commands on that
right button, menu. And today
you don't even think about
it. Cause that's something that
people learn. The moment they
start using computers. But to
begin with, we were very,
very careful to only put
stuff there that was redundant
and that it could be
found somewhere else, visibly. Cause
it's basically hidden. Right. Right.
And that's interesting because that
makes me think about things
like iPads, where clearly touching
things is intuitive. And one
doesn't need to learn to
like take this magical bright
window and put it in
your hands and touch it.
But now we've got iPhone
Xs with like two fingers
swipe from the upper right.
Corner type, totally undiscoverable things
that we complain about today.
But tomorrow they might not
be a problem. Yeah. And
I think there's an assumption,
right. That these gestures yeah.
Like Ken was saying might
be intuitive or something, but
they aren't for, there's always
going to be a set
of people where they aren't.
And so usually gestures need
some sort of visual cue
first and then the gesture
can be learned and then
used as more of as
an accelerator. But you know,
so back to, you know,
the early days of windows,
like, you know, we were
coming from dos windows had
already kind of like again
had several versions, but there
was a lot to be
done in terms of bringing
user direct user feedback into
the development process. Right. So
that's kind of where we
came into the picture. And
actually there was a, I
think a broad acknowledgement at
Microsoft too, that windows could
be a ton better. So
there were several kind of
characters that we want to
introduce into the story here.
One of them was one
of the program managers of
windows 3.1, her name was
Liz Dunn. There was another
person Mark Malamud who became
one of the lead program
managers. And I guess you
could say was kind of
the first true interaction designer
at Microsoft. And he led
a new advanced windows team
that they were going to
call when X and then
who else was on that
team can Roy Levian. Right.
And, and so he was
a developer on windows as
well. And so the three
of them, and I think
probably a couple other people
had gotten together and started
to talk about, okay, what
could the future windows look
like? And they started paying
us for data to say,
what do you guys know?
What do we know about
windows? And then that's when
we had, I think, begun
and started to, you know,
started to collect data on
this, what we call our
benchmarking effort. And we found
that, you know, again, Mack
had the same problem that
people didn't know where to
start. In fact, on the
Mac, what was interesting is
that the Apple menu was
the place that people would
go repeatedly to say, start
a program or go find
a document or something like
that. Now the, the Apple
menu has gotten a lot
better over the years. It's
still not perfect. But back
then in the eighties, it
was a really weird collection
of things. None of which
were primary tasks. Yeah. I
had the font, da mover
control panel. I think shutdown
was always there setting up
your printer, you have printers
and stuff like that. It
was really a weird collection.
And we were like, wow,
you know, there's a bit
of an Achilles heel there.
And we were like, wow,
you know, we could definitely
do this better. And I
think Mark, Malamud he, and
some other people that had
done some studies of different
operating systems, like obviously they
looked at the star system
from Xerox park, which was
the predecessor to the Mac,
you know, that Steve jobs
had also seen, you know,
that was documented in the
book, fumbling the future. Anyway.
So he saw across these
different operating systems that there
were, was kind of a
persistent thing in the UI
where people could return to
which windows three Oh and
windows 3.0, did not have,
there was this thing called
file manager and program manager.
But if you were unlucky
unlucky enough to minimize them,
and there was no really
good animation that told you
where these things went, they
would just kind of collect
at the bottom of the
screen. Under these two, mr.
Is icons. People would generally
just think they just went
away and we saw that
over and over and over
again. And can't do you
want to give us some
anecdotes or anything from that?
It was a while we're
not cursing on this show,
but it was not pleasant.
And th th th exposing
the developers to windows of
that in the usability lab
is a super eyeopening for
them. Cause of course, it's
the same thing we see
today, right? Once you know,
something you can't, it's really
hard to take the viewpoint
of somebody who doesn't know
it. So they, people were
just amazed that, you know,
ordinary users were having these
kinds of problems, but specifically
the fact that when you
minimize things, they just disappear
and windows, unlike most of
the other gooeys at that
point, the desktop wasn't really
usable for anything. It was
just a blank space. And
that was a huge problem.
A big opportunity was missed.
And then within program manager,
which is where you went
to start all your programs,
the metaphor was a multiple
document interface. It was as
it was called in those
days. So it was really,
really easy to get lost
inside of program manager. Can,
you know, screens, weren't very
big in those days, right?
Six 40 by four 80.
And here you were trying
to manipulate three or four
windows at once potentially. And
they would clip each other.
And then if you maximized
one, you couldn't see the
rest of them. It was
just, it was really, really
bad. Yeah. It would be
worth having the listeners check
out and go and Google
for Xerox star and Xerox
Park's operating system. And you'll
note that there is a
persistent text box across the
top. It's on a menu.
It's not a start menu.
It's not a, a persistent
menu bar. It's just basically,
it's almost like the Cortana
text box, but you couldn't
minimize things. You could move
them around. But in the,
in early 1980 10 years
before windows 3.1, they were
putting stuff on the desktop.
So I think that your,
your point about that being
a missed opportunity was, was
significant. One other thing I
wanted to point out and
see what you thought about
was that the science itself
of usability was developing kind
of in the late, mid
to late seventies at IBM.
And it wasn't until the
eighties really that people were
doing usability studies. So you're
only 10 years into this
burgeoning, a science aren't you
at this point? Yeah. That's
a good point. You know,
really credit to bill Gates
for having the vision that
he knew he needed to
do something. And he knew
that he needed to bring
people in to do it.
So he turned to different
people in the company. And
one of the people that
really got interested, it was
a guy named Tandy Trower
and Tandy studied it and
said, you know what? We
need to really think about
investing in UX. And so
he got the charter from
bill to start a centralized
UX group. And he hired
designers and researchers. And we
starting with a couple of
people that he thought could
grow into managers. And they
did a woman named Virginia
Howlett who grew to be
the manager of the design
group and a woman named
Mary D Ellie who built
a user research team. And
that's who we reported to
when we, when we first
started it's I know crazy
to imagine, but there was
kind of one team for
the entire company at that
time. How many people at
the company, while y'all all
are off doing this when
I started Derek, when you
and I started about 4,000
worldwide, wasn't it? Wow. Yeah,
I was, I would say
it was like 2,500. Yeah.
4,000 somewhere in there. I
thought, I think it was
around 2,500. There might've been
maybe 4,000 on the outside
cause of international, but domestically,
yeah. Domestically, there was about
2,500 people. It's a big
number, but not, not completely
impossible to, to know most
people for sure. Yeah. We
could, we could walk down
the halls and, you know,
bill would walk by or
Steve bomber would walk by
and you'd say, hi, you
know, and you know, over
time you could see them
enough that they might recognize
your face, you know, kind
of thing. So that, that
definitely was a, was an
interesting time to be at
the company. The way we
got connected was really that
paper that I wrote after
windows five was done. It
Was for a, a UX
conference, ACM sick guy. And
I was interested, I was
surprised about the reaction people
had, was like, wow, Microsoft
was doing this that long
ago. And I think that's
a really interesting point is
that we did make an
early investment in that. And
of course there's lots of
criticism. You could lob at
Microsoft for kind of falling
off the path here and
there, you know, during its
growth and maturation as a
company, they're doing great. Now
they've got some really great
UX people, but it is
true that we really did
have things going on way
back in 1988, 89, where
we were really trying to
be driven by a good
design and good research principles.
How often would people say
no, do it this way?
Because I'm the manager, as
opposed to the user experience
be darned A lot. I
mean, it was like, yup,
that's fair. It was probably
like 80% of the time,
you know, and that's where
we tended to work with
teams. We were a central
resource within Microsoft. And so
we'd kind of be put
on loan to different product
teams for periods of time
and certain teams would go,
wow, this is such a
great resource. We want to
keep using them. And so
we would just kind of
build more with those teams
who were more receptive that's
right. I mean, over time
now it's pervasive. Right? So
it worked, but it definitely
took decades. That's right. Our
managers, Mary Virginia Tandy were
very explicit. It's like, you
know, work with the teams
that want to work with
us and, you know, we'll
build from success. Cause we
knew that the key was
having the program managers and
the developers talk to each
other about the great results
they were getting. Cause there's,
you know, Microsoft has this
history of hopefully friendly, sometimes
not friendly competition between teams.
And so if team B
sees the teammates had a
great result doing something new,
they might be more willing
to try it. Mm well,
that's a good, a good
point. And it also brings
up something we want to
underscore is that, you know,
great design is a team
effort. It's not that one
of you or one of
your bosses was just showed
up one day and said,
here are the designs for
the start menu. I did
it overnight. But was there
a moment though, where someone
was like, let's use the
four infinite corners as they
refer to the, the four
corners of the monitor? Well,
we definitely saw that. I
mean, it was kind of
a convergence of two things.
So the Winex program management
team that we just talked
about, they got together and
they were like, you know,
we see this certain pattern
across other products. And then,
you know, we in the
usability lab, we're seeing how
coroners were so important to
people, you know, that they
would grow. Like if you
just gave them no instruction
and a blank screen and
a mouse, they would go
to corners, you know, like
as a force of gravity
kind of thing. So from
a human perception, point of
view, they're very important. And
so then that's when we
discovered like, Oh wow, you
know, on the Mac, it's
got the Apple menu in
the upper left. And Mark
Malamud's team was like, okay,
well, what we should do
is make this persistent space
in windows, kind of as
a part of our trademark,
essentially be the bottom. And
then we could put other
things down there. And so
back to this idea of,
you know, minimizing windows, people
would minimize those windows and
then they would think they
were gone. We were like,
well, one of the primary
things that you should be
able to do with this
persistent space down below is
be able to switch tasks.
So essentially making all tab
visible. And that's a perfect
example of using the two,
like using a visible cue
and then using an accelerator
or AKA gesture, if you
want to call it that.
And so once you know
what the visual cue is,
you can just use the
accelerator once you've learned it,
you know, Hey friends, This
is Scott, and I've got
a word from a new
sponsor and a really cool
sponsor. In fact that I
use myself, they are Sikh
that's S E Q and
you can check them out
at, get seek.net. That's G
E T S E q.net
seek is the easiest way
for your team to capture
and search and visualize structured
log events. You probably do
logging. Maybe you have a
node app or an asp.net
core app, move beyond text
files, check out structured, logging
it, preserves those individual property
values. As well as the
text that's associated with each
event, they get sent across
the network to seek which
then displays them and makes
them searchable. It's really easy
to get started. You can
probably instrument your application if
you're already using logging in
just minutes, just go to
get seek that's G T
S E q.net. You install
the seek server, it's a
windows service. And then it
listens and handles all of
the logging, whether you're using
no JS and the Bunyan
logging library, or maybe you
use Sera log on.net or
just asp.net core is built
in logging. Sikh is there
for whatever you want to
use, whether it be.net or
node or Python or Java,
it's a really great product.
And I encourage you to
check them out and support
them the way that they
support us here at Hansel
minutes, when windows 95 started
out for the first time,
There's this thing that they
use internally at Microsoft called
the Oop, the O O
B the out of box
experience. And it would play
a little video and tell
you that the start menu
is a thing. And it's
over here. I remember one
of you said something that
there was a problem with
that video. People would click
on the start menu picture
in the video. Oh yeah,
we definitely did see that,
that kind of stuff happens
when you're teaching something that's
brand new people have a
hard time, often differentiating the
thing from talking about the
thing. And that's just something
that you like, what do
you do? Do you plan,
did you solve that problem
or do you make a
giant arrow, like start in
the center of the screen
and then point down to
the corner? Well, in fact,
one of the mitigations we
did do that got a
little bit of laughter I
think from people, but you
know, it was effective was
the, the bouncing animation that
would come out from the
right side along the task
bar, when you first started
in pointing out the start
menu. So kind embedding that
in The product, rather than
having a separate popup window
that might confuse people because
there's two pictures of the
same thing on the screen
Are things like that considered
poor form or is that
a pro appropriate UX? Yeah.
I mean, you know, great
UX. Sometimes you get lucky
and it's just totally obvious.
And there's zero trial learning.
And we realized that we
were making such a huge
change from what people had
before that we were gaming
for what I would call
one trial learning, you know,
once you understand what it
is, you don't ever forget
it. And it makes sense
from then on. And that's
really what we were aiming
for. I see. So it's
not necessarily a, it's not
impugning the idea as bad
design because you have to
teach them that once. Right?
It's, it's changing, you know,
everything about how you use
windows. If you were a
windows three user, right. Everything
looked different on windows 95
program manager was gone, file
manager was transformed into a
windows Explorer. So for those
people, well, yeah, we did
the testing, right? So we
saw that for computer novices,
for example, trying to find
a program in the first
place and started took on
average, like 11 minutes. It
was so incredibly painful. And
then when we got the
start button up and running,
even without the animation, depending,
you know, we ran there's
variability because different people who'd
never used a computer before.
Obviously had some challenges with
the mouse, potentially things like
that. But it was down
around two and a half
minutes to get started the
very first time, which we
thought was completely reasonable. I'm
I'm curious, culturally is the
start menu on the lower
right corner, in a right
to left language society and
like Arabic countries. No, I
think it is. It's been
a long time since I've
looked at a right to
left UI. Derek, do you
remember? I don't remember. I
think it is Scott. Yeah.
I'm curious if that scratches
your itch and makes you
wonder like why the, why
that corner, because I don't
think, I think it's now
so ubiquitous that in windows
10, it's every, it's always
on the lower left corner,
but I'm curious if that
was something you remember coming
up Definitely right. To left
language did come up maybe
more so in the, in
those days there was the
applications group, right? That's how
Microsoft is organized. I know
they were talking about it
extensively in the context of
things like word and Excel.
You know, one thing I
wanted to mention about the
coroners is we had a,
a really brilliant guy in
our user research team, a
guy named Marshall McClintock. And
when we started seeing this
pattern of the coroners, he
was very quick to educate
us all about Fitz law,
F I T T S,
which talks about the speed
to acquire target, right. It
has to do with acceleration
and seeking and all that
sort of stuff. But that's
where this idea of infinite
corners comes from is you
can slam the mouse as
fast as you want into
a corner and you can't
overshoot it. And so that's
another reason why the corners
are such powerful places to
put things is the accuracy
you have to use to
get there is very low.
And so it doesn't take
you out of the flow
of whatever else you might
be trying to get done.
Yeah. Interesting. I'm actually, I
will put some of these
things in the show notes,
but I'm looking at a,
a screenshot of windows XP,
desktop that is Arabic. And
in fact, the start menu
is in the lower right
corner. So now I'm going
to have to go and
do a little research myself
and find out that it's
still the case in windows
10. Yeah. Yeah. That's interesting.
Yeah. Yeah. And back to
some Microsoft history too. So
about the time that we
were working on these issues,
well, particularly with the start
menu, Microsoft had kind of
formalized this when X a
mythical product and turned it
into a thing called Cairo
name and yeah. Code named
Cairo and S some very
lucky few people at Microsoft
probably still have the tee
shirt. And Mark Malamud was
the head of the, essentially
the UX team for Cairo.
And it was going to
essentially merge a bunch of
different technologies. So I think
at the time that they
made a code name for
it, it was going to
be based on the windows
NT code base, which was
pretty ambitious given that Microsoft's
entire, like, you know, millions
of lines of code was
all 16 bit legacy code.
And then they wanted to
build this advanced UI on
top of it. And then
also it was going to
have some sort of like
database as the file system
kind of thing, which is
even kind of being bandied
about these days too, like
from Oracle and other other
companies. And anyway, so that
was the idea behind Cairo.
And so Cairo was going
along and doing some really
amazing things with regards to
the user interface. But as
things got scheduled out, they
saw that the timeline was
kind of too long to
be able to, you know,
keep the pipeline flowing for
both revenue and just delivering
products that people want. And
so they, they created another
product called codename Chicago, which
was not as far away.
And that became known as
windows 95. Right. And that's
where Kent got placed on
the windows 95 team as
their main user research guy,
then a woman named Jill
wrote Jack and I got
placed on the Cairo team
as the user research people
on the Cairo effort. So
we were working on two
parallel, essentially code bases, but
trying to share some common
user interface ideas that had
been spearheaded by the Cairo
team and the Windex team.
So one of the things
that became controversial was the
word start and whether or
not it was okay to
put the word start next
to the windows logo, because
guys on the Cairo team
or people on the Cairo
team thought that, you know,
the windows logo should stand
on its own. Right. As
a representation of the brand.
Oh, right. It looks like
the company has start. Right.
Right. But what we were
seeing in the user research
lab and kind of back
to what you guys were
talking about about these animations,
we were trying different animations
to point people to the
windows. Sometimes they would get
it. Sometimes they wouldn't and
we couldn't rely on it.
So although it was working,
it wasn't perfect. And so
I was a huge advocate.
Honestly, I was the one
that was kind of talking
to Kent, I think every
other day, have they put
the word start on the
button yet? Cause Chicago was
going to ship first. So
can't, do you want to
talk about that? Yeah. I
mean, it was just really
a matter of what's the
priority here and we decided
the priority was making sure
people could get started like
immediately, immediately. Right. And just
really take that out of
the equation where, you know,
people are having to fumble
around. We did want that
to be their first experience,
again, thinking about the novices
in particular, because we were
trying to expand the market
and we're like, you know,
so what if it says
start, it's fine. And, and
you see what's happened. Of
course over time, we've been
able to remove that because
it's now something people worldwide
just kind of know what
the deal is and it
doesn't need to be there
as sort of a redundant
cue. Yeah. Interesting. Now this,
this actually speaks to something
that I think is super
important that you mentioned to
me before, when we were
preparing for this show, which
is that, that really good
user research is managing your
influence and your job as
the user researcher isn't to
advocate for the company. It's
the, be the voice of
the user. This is a
perfect example where you went
up against marketing and branding
and everyone to say, no,
it says, start it doesn't
say windows in the corner.
It should say. Yeah. And
we had really clear empirical
research. Like we had video
evidence and timing data that
showed like, if we gave
this task, this task list
of things to do with
a version of windows that
didn't have the word start
next to the windows logo.
And then one that didn't
the people that had the
word start, could do it.
Like, I don't know, twice
as fast, three times as
fast, I forget what the
numbers were exactly. But it
literally was like within 30
seconds, people could find the
button get started and be
on their Merry way and
complete all the tasks that
we had given them. And
this was the same task
list that Kent was using
on the Mac and other
things, when we saw that
repeatedly, we were like, there's,
it's undeniable. This is working.
If this is science at
work. So it's same in
the same kind of vein,
you know, the, the whole
process of getting, finding the
start button and then getting
that first application launched. We
noticed that the hierarchical structure
worked pretty well. It was
way better than the program
manager. Cause you could see
all the folders and it
didn't take people long to
figure out the Aerosmith. They
could scoot to the right
and see something more, but
people would fall off the
menus because again, remember people
were brand new to the
mouse. And so I can't
remember if we were able
to get the code into
the very first shipping version
of windows 95 or if
it was like a quick
followup we did where we
were able to relax, how
do you want to say
they hit target, I guess,
for the menu. So you
can write, you could wander
little bit in the menu,
wouldn't close on you anymore.
Yeah. And so just to
clarify some history too. So
Kent was working with a
program manager on the windows
95 team that AKA the
Chicago team, his name was
Danny Iran. And so if
you do searches on, you
know, the, the start button
and who created it, Danny
Iran's name really comes up
as the main, you know,
hit target. But the interesting
thing is there was a
lot of us, you know,
and I want to give
really shout out to Mark
Malamud who really, the design
came originally from him with
influence from the user research
team. And so there were
many people, so you can't
really point to one person,
there were many people involved.
And I think that that's
part of the hallmark of
arriving to great designs is
that it, you know, you
can't just rely on what,
you know, sometimes we call
a big brain like a
Steve jobs, just pluck it
out of thin air. And
then everybody worships it as
the best idea ever. Like
if you really want to
repeatedly deliver great products into
the marketplace, it has to
be a, a team effort
and B it has to
be backed by real user
data. And that takes a
team to really pull that
off. Yeah, definitely. Well, I
really appreciate you both chatting
with me today. This was
fun. Thanks. Yeah, this is
great, Scott. Thanks for having
us. I'm going to put
a lot of these things
we talked about in the
show notes, including an article
that the verge did on
the start menu in 2016.
And I want to make
sure that folks check out,
be curious with.us and you
can connect with Kent and
Derek. All right. Thanks so
much. Thank you, Scott. Thanks.
This has been another episode
of Hanselminutes and we'll see
you again next week. .